---
title: Privacy Policy
metaDescription: Privacy Policy for Dev Extent
guid: 3452cfc3-3d8e-4cd3-8f42-7356b0457560
---

At Dev Extent, accessible from https://www.devextent.com, one of our main
priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains
types of information that is collected and recorded by Dev Extent and how we use
it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy
Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

## Log Files

Dev Extent follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log
visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of
hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include
internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The
purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site,
tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the
[Privacy Policy Generator](https://www.privacypolicyonline.com/privacy-policy-generator/).

## Cookies and Web Beacons

Like any other website, Dev Extent uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to
store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website
that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the
users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser
type and/or other information.

For more general information on cookies, please read the "What Are Cookies"
article on
[Cookie Consent website](https://www.cookieconsent.com/what-are-cookies/).

## Google DoubleClick DART Cookie

Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known
as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to
www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to
decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network
Privacy Policy at the following URL â€“
[https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads](https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads)

## Our Advertising Partners

Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising
partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own
Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we
hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.

- [https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads](https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads)

## Privacy Policies

You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising
partners of Dev Extent.

Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies,
JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and
links that appear on Dev Extent, which are sent directly to users' browser. They
automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are
used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to
personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.

Note that Dev Extent has no access to or control over these cookies that are
used by third-party advertisers.

## Third Party Privacy Policies

Dev Extent Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus,
we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these
third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their
practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To
know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web
browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are
Cookies?

## Children's Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the
internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or
monitor and guide their online activity.

Dev Extent does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from
children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of
information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately
and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our
records.

## Online Privacy Policy Only

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for
visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or
collect in Dev Extent. This policy is not applicable to any information
collected offline or via channels other than this website.

## Consent

By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its
Terms and Conditions.
